Watanabe of all like to have you appeared Do not knowledge the role of guest Mayu's criminal role Yûtarô Honjô's this work
The coach of Nakamura Hunter, please
Yeah yeah
It is dazzling you have the original
a Dazzling, yes I would like you to greet me on the sea
We wish you a greeting to everyone from Mayu Watanabe immediately is I Natsuki Officer
Yes I played the role of summer student at the school I was aiming for this time
I wish my best regards and you're good to still thank you
Please follow Mr. Yutaro Honjo of detection and wards greetings
It will be the main castle of the duel regular prosecutor's office, but I'm nervous, but thank you until the end today
I will
Next high school year 1
And I Ryosuke reclamation ask Nakamura was supervised this work
I am the director of Nakamura , thank you for coming today
Mr. Honmachi is nervous and thanks to it I can be very saved
Thank you we will
Then from here, I would like to talk to you a little
Thank you please small break once so moderate provided with a session of time later of everyone
First of all, Mr. Watanabe , yes, did you try to play the role of Natsuki this time ?
It is a head Natsuki-chan is really on the other anyway cheerful and lively girl
Since I under exercise c is I'm a preeminent I really exercise is not good there is little biasing chan
I wished is far but another breath and I as much as possible during the post-afra and
I played in energetic so as to be close to Ryo-chan
It was a very emotionally expressive girl
Oh yes thank you and Mr. Honjo
This time I tried to play Genji this time I was quite good
Nearby and of fun it was that
Since the prosecutor want to live happily with the feeling I want see what Toka form every day
Because it is a little after all, such a different place with me
After all there
Good luck so you can express
I think it was good to practice and it was a lot of fun
The character is contrasting and you are saying now, but this office district is quite well-faced in the box of bed just before
I'm going to this venue just tight
In fact I think is that scrupulous boy
I do not think you have a car with a microphone
How it was attached to Thank you and the supervision starring Futari Thank you
Well, I'm rather a document in two people as soon as possible
It there is a place with a hole-ish in the Watanabe-san but I'm the opposite of the story neo-two people were now
Close to each character
But I will think whether not it Attan in